okay welcome this is GUI ant in web
browser suite leasing or it's the last
thing for January 2019 and I already
made an intro only had a small accident
I hope small and he'll be fine but he
had to check with doctor and today I'll
be doing my best to moderate this call
so if you have any urgent items please
add them to the list while we go over
team updates this week I'm not the first
person it's Alan who is adding items I'm
laying the railway tracks as they want
to go first yeah I'm pretty much
finished ok so hello everyone
stuff relevant to GUI and in web
browsers things that I've been doing
since last week you'll be interested to
know that I've been doing I've been sat
on a big retrack factor refactor tractor
refactoring the J's I profess API to use
happy 18 it currently uses happy version
16 and soon we're now like two major
versions behind the most current version
and it's a good idea for us to keep
up-to-date with the with the most recent
just because bug fixes security stuff
you know performance and all that and I
thought it might be a fun thing to do
because between happy version 16 and 17
they have a mega refactor themselves
which in which they switched from a
callback based interface to a all
promises and async/await based interface
so I have spent a bit of time just
refactoring what we've got to use happy
eighteen isn't actually because we
already have like a promises API it's
quite easy for us to just switch to that
and then the
like breaking changes between happy and
happy 16 and 17 18 are quite mechanical
and not not too difficult to do really
once you you've got your head round the
things you need to do and so yeah we but
the problem is we have a lot of roots so
there was just a lot of lot of code to
change and one bonus of of it is that I
found that the EFS add end point was
actually buffering the response in
memory before it was sent so we yeah if
you are adding like a big big file you
had to wait for everything to be to be
added to ipfs before you even got any
any idea that any response from the
server so so if we wanted to I don't
know show some progress or something
then that would not be good because it
and it also means that you know if
you're adding a big file then lots and
lots of directories or whatever then
it's all buffered in memory and you know
problems with running out henry
potentially so it was really easy to
change that at the time so I have
changed that and fixed it - not buffer
though response but to string the back
to the client that's it as it happens
another good thing for the projects is
that there's over I think eight hundred
lines
we're just removed for free doing this
which is which is really nice and cool
so then what else HSI professor IO in
between zero 33 and 0 34 we had a
breaking change to the files API there
are some things that moved from from
ipfs files got anything to up to the
root level and that was not reflected on
the site so I changed I changed that I
think that's being released or will be
released soon and and then today I
started work on a ipfs versions manager
thing which is really cool nearly quite
working and but it basically allows you
to switch between different
implementations of ipfs and different
versions in the same way that you'd use
in
VM or name to switch between different
versions of node yeah it's kind of
nearly working out put a demo up what it
is but that's kind of fun and it means
that Jess ipfs can share the same
thoughts and the same ports and binary
name as go idea fest because developers
will have a way of switching between the
two without it conflicting so that's
that's fun times
I'm not blocked on anything this week I
hopefully do a bit more work on this UID
b1x 42 and that's all I have to say any
questions or comments thank you
I sort of have a question regarding the
happy immigration it's like the P are
waiting for reviews or is there like a
time like the timeline it's it's like
planned for the next release or it's
nice to have it is so it can be merged
right now it is green on CI there is
I've requested some reviews from some
people it's a big pull request so I'm
imagining it would take a long time for
the crew all of it
although to be quite honest a lot of it
is very mechanical you'll see the same
change over and over again in a whole
bunch of files but yeah it there's no
like it can go in and it can be released
I will probably put it in the next like
0:35 just because it could be breaking
and I don't know for sure yet even at
all of our test pass there might be
there actually to be honest there is
breaking changes because I found that a
lot of responses from
from go ipfs for four client-based
errors it responds with a 500 HTTP
status code and not a 400 X code and I
updated our routes because we can to
respond to over 400 code so that's kind
of breaking if you're relying on the
status code being a 500 but in my
opinion that is wrong so it's been fixed
yeah yeah there are like issues for go
ipfs very old issues to fix those status
codes from 500 store there is a unit
saying there is oh yeah yeah I think I
created one yes I like it so a lot of
cases where the we go up your Fest
returns 500 it's actually a client error
because you've given it invalid input
yeah and so it should be a 400 so yeah
basically fix them but the the thing is
like in IQ FS HTTP client like it
doesn't it doesn't care the the response
was a 400 or 500 so actually the you
know it's still going to give back an
error to the into callback it doesn't
actually matter what the status code was
it just matters that the response object
looked like looks like a an object with
a message a code and a type with capital
M C and T in it and I also fixed a bunch
of places where we return or go ipfs
returns a string and not and adjacent
valid JSON objects and we were doing the
same to be compatible that I fixed them
in Jason relations so it actually
returns a valid object with the error
message not and not a string yeah so
let's leave it at that I just wrapped it
up by saying that we have like ongoing
effort to clean up HTTP headers and like
responses generally HTTP semantics we
had
both so that's that's very viable and we
probably want to fix go ipfs instead of
repeating their mistakes right yeah this
should make it a bit better from the
point of view of a HTTP API yeah yeah
all right
their final questions too all right
let's move on let's move on to okay me I
think yeah so this week I tried to move
at least make a first step towards black
integration and basically we now have a
dedicated IP files branch in bright
repositories there's like brave browser
brave car and there's ipfs branch where
and where our extension ID for a keifa's
companion is whitelisted it means we
have access to raw sockets API when
running iclickers companion brave and I
was able to confirm those API are
accessible and they also work as
expected like an imagination during the
Jessica fest core I created like a very
simple HTTP server to demonstrate that
we are able to self host HTTP gateway
without go ahead PFS right and I tried
to run Jess ipfs with gateway enabled
the version with happy 16 most a little
bit forward without effort but there are
like discrepancies cause we have
polyfills for node libraries that are
compatible with node 6 or under 7 and
like happy itself like expects newer
api's so there's some work to be
and I think either it does not make
sense to to look at happy 16 I'll
probably switch to the branch with which
you created with happy 18 and probably
check that or after after that that is
released and see what's missing we may
need to update some polyfills to be in
line with node 10 namely like the HTTP
or which is consuming the net namespaces
of IP is but basically the very
important part is that we are able to
self host HTTP gateway which opens the
route for J's ipfs being the proper full
implementation and you just instantly
first companion from Chrome Web Store
and you have access to the docks api's I
had a call with Brian Bondi from brave
today and about intricacies of
installing extension from chrome store
with those additional api's and
basically what brave is doing daily
check extension ID and if and they are
able to redirect like install request or
like update request for specific
extension ID to their own version of
extension so for now if you install ipfs
compile in brave you installed basically
the same version that is for Chrome but
there is a very clean path for replacing
the package with extension with this
more powerful build that has access to
sockets transparently for brief users
without any additional steps so I feel
that that's very very good path to move
forward and while doing that I also been
looking at ipfs support debugging some
issues relate in compile for example we
were not able to point at API that's
running on ipfs IP version 6
port HTTP port on your localhost so I
fixed that and I think I fixed that in
two ways one way is to fix it upstream
in HTTP in stream HTTP which we already
had some adventures in but I until the
fix lands upstream
I also fix it in ipfs companionate it
will probably ship the fix in the next
data and that's like the plan for this
week release new better with some bug
fixes and attend FOSDEM
just like a quick like news from the web
browser front is that Firefox 65 shipped
with initial soccer stream IP eyes
namely we have now have a readable
stream which probably fixes a lot of
issues with running gels
IPO files HTTP client in serviceworker
or things like that
we may need to go over various issues
and see if they can are closed or is
there anything else to be done there but
yeah that's all from my end and let's
move to hack I'll just show my screen so
can see it yes ok I have been working on
a PBS desktop not so exciting update is
that the quick button is in the end
which is not really exciting it is like
oh the way you already do it
I can prove their notification so if you
take a screenshot for example you'll get
like a thumbnail here with the the
screenshot you just took if you pick it
we you know preview and the most
exciting thing of this week if you copy
the edge and try to like to open the
ipfs URL on your operating system yes as
you can see it will take a bit of time
but we need to work and here it is you
can also type it yeah it works
everywhere I think and it's really
exciting see it working
it just works for I pianist let's try to
open I pianist I know he'll just work
and that's basically it
it's just it's only working on Windows
right now and on Mac OS if ipfs nest of
is running on Windows it works even if
it's not running because it starts up
appease SSO unlike away if it's not
running it just starts with a bit
excessive and doesn't do anything else I
don't know why yet I tried to check out
that yesterday with you but we couldn't
find out the reason why it didn't work I
think that's the only interesting things
for this week I believe I talked about
this last week you can like click on a
file and it might be FS wait a bit and
here it is yeah any questions yes well
I think I was first Ellen
I wasn't seeing the okay when um in in
the browser when you type in ipfs yeah :
/ / who's doing that redirect is that is
that companion or is that how does that
Wow like the abuses of registers the
native handler for the breeding system
yeah who calls for that protocol will be
handled by a business system and/or ipfs
desktop does is it just open the browser
this URL yeah right it is it open a new
tab or does it open in the same tab
that's no that's what like IP Vestas
just tells you're blaming system to open
this link and it will try to go from the
with the default browser sorry like
chrome opens a new tab so if if you
gonna like invite this it's not the best
experience ever because it will create a
new tab I see yeah okay all right yeah
no that's very Radley I like it I just
need to add that like this is extremely
cool news cuz we were not able to
register ipfs like even the redirect
based protocol handler in Chrome Firefox
has a web extension API which allows us
to reduce the right BFS colon slash
slash so basically if you did the same
thing put ipfs conscious slash in
firefox that would be a Firefox
redirecting you in the same tab probably
to your local gateway in chrome we were
not able to do that we we were hijacking
served queries and stuff like that but
having this having ipfs desktop register
OS level protocol handler and having
chrome being capable of
using the registry of protocol handlers
to open any URL
in native handler that's basically it
solved the issue without the need for
changing an API in Chrome which it's
like great news for Chrome users but
it's not perfect because if you try to
open it on another browser that it's not
the default browser like in this case
Fairfax is not my default browser oh I
have yeah but that's what I just said is
like in Firefox
it's Firefox who is able to handle it
but in chrome we are not able due to me
guys so yeah I agree there's a edge case
when you have multiple browsers and I
mean who uses the other browser on that
computer anyway so a regular today I
mean this this is cigarette and so like
on Firefox like the one that wins is the
like I'm assuming the Firefox checks the
web extension first and then check cos
interesting like it very cool
that's just this right thank you super
super cool update all right any
questions to that or are we moving all
right let's move on they're gone
what's up hey everyone so last week I
basically continued the work that I was
doing in the previous week which was
making the IPL the Explorer work so as
you guys know who I feel the API I know
it's formats have been updated there was
some breaking changes and we updated web
UI and the IPL the Explorer with those
changes basically I had to to update i
PL the X 4 components but I mean let me
share my screen I have nothing to show
but it's easier so if you guys can
follow along this is
so I I feel like the LD Akbar components
i had to extract some logic to why do I
I also updated web UI and IPL DX or
those are two PRS that need to be merged
I'm just waiting for that to be green
because it's very one who stays I've
been having some calls it all it because
my my knowledge is limited but the IPL
list of so I've been learning a lot and
finally we shipped the IPF Sao
implementation section that was cooking
for a long long time basically this was
being work for the idea that's next up
released but we thought it was taking
some time so we shipped this part and
when desktop is released it's going to
appear here but right now we it's cool
that we can have the two implementations
and the process happening in the front
page basically and that's that's it for
me here this week has been around by PLD
next week and just just have to release
Yui in a build explore as I said I'm
working for the TM to be green and I'm
pushing to the web UI portion to follow
that's basically file managers month
doing several factors and adding some
features any questions I thought I saw
have an ask not great questions yeah we
got regarding like shipping the new IPL
the Explorer with what do I yeah sort of
are you planning like to ship it a this
week like yes awfully yeah
web UI is ready IPL DX all right I just
beyond it few minutes ago but you yeah
so like what I would like to check is
that because we are shipping with you I
with ipfs companion and when web UI runs
against the API instance in ipfs
companion then both HTTP client and like
the entire back-end node maybe in a
different version that you were like
testing internally there's like you know
there's a like a risk of misalignment
versions and we had a problem when ITIL
the Explorer worked fine on its own or
against like local HTTP gateway
connected directly over HTTP client but
if you had IPS companion installed and
it used API instance from companion and
it had like the latest and the greatest
the J's ipfs which had some breaking
changes then you had like the problem
with api's just I just wanted to
probably check okay yes I don't think
that will break you all really just just
let me know the cid of new web UI after
we have it after I released why do I had
to PR components then we can test yeah
I'm not sure but I think that won't be a
problem because web UI it has those
dependencies yeah ideally are all inside
web UI so I think that's not going to be
a problem but I yeah like in past you
have to be careful to like disable a
different company sure you are testing
against the vanilla web UI but right now
we where do I does not consume window
ipfs objects I think I think there is no
no issue there yeah okay oh but I'll
check it anyways all right thank you any
questions for Dan go alright to go
what's what's new on your end
yes
so basically last week our sick
thursday/friday
can do much this week also take to go a
day off so having basically catching up
with PRS and repeaters and stuff did
also a little bit of work on the posting
to shrink for employees basically I
think I got it on the poster inside but
now I need Jacobs help to figure out how
to make entrance work with a proper
steam coming from upholstery and
basically that's why amp likes is
overloading everything from the stream
interface it's because the posturing
didn t need to attend a proper extreme
but I don't know enough about amp likes
to make those trained so I'm thinking
with Jacob
hopefully we'll figure that out so start
looking to some stuff regarding the
profile that crash BFS team and when you
put your PC to sleep and apply all that
I'll have that fixed this week also and
for the rest of the week next week it's
animated awesome and proper work file at
least fixes and I know some questions
all right Thank You Terry
what's new so I've been mostly working
on helping people get set up for
protocol chapters and trying to iterate
on that process and doesn't take me
forever to set each chapter a repo up
this thing that's more relevant to this
group is what's coming next which is
building that
a tutorial on the file API so a couple
of you already popped over and gave kind
of a thumbs up over here but if anybody
else wants to look when I look at this
that the content with Allen it felt to
me like it might be really one tutorial
on the not actually MF s stuff that's
like part of the main the add and cat
and get kind of stuff and then one
that's actually about MF s and when I
first mentioned that to Michael he had
been envisioning doing it without that
first part at all and just doing the MF
s which seems odd to me personally but I
think his concern was something to do
with the first section that I was
proposing being where people get extra
concerned about or extra confused yet
the wrong impressions about pinning or
permanence or I think part of it was
Allen that wrap with directory thing
that you showed me where you can kind of
give it a path to think about you saying
you can never actually get back to a
path using that name so I have no idea
where the what what confusion will
appear as I try to build it my
inclination would be to try to build it
and try to actually explain away the
confusion if it's possible but if
anybody has opinions on that Michael
would just had this conversation with me
verbally so I haven't seen him seen that
in writing but any bit if anybody has
suggestions that they either want to
share now or drop in this issue I'd be
happy to have them so and then I will be
at FOSDEM I think I'll see at least
Lytle maybe some others of you later
this weekend which would be awesome so
looking forward to that that's about it
for me Sam thank you I think I
understand the worry about the confusion
related to 5sec di it's basically like
in the past we had a lot of new
users who had a problem with
understanding the what happens when you
add content to ipfs like directly
without the inference like that you need
to pin it otherwise it will be garbage
collected and stuff like that and I feel
the idea to like start with MF s is
maybe easier to comprehend because that
gives you an like a drive abstraction
and your content won't disappear until
it unless it's removed from the MF s so
if you frame the MF s tutorial like
around us that that's sort of like a
drive abstraction that may be easier for
people in the meaning that it removes
that confusion that you need to on top
of adding stuff you need to pin it for
it to be persistent on your note but I
think this discussion that will probably
get better in yeah I'd love feedback
there because maybe maybe when I wrote
this down like I if I'm just looking at
what I wrote down as a plan
there isn't anything about how to get a
file into MF s and what I suggested it's
just like making directories and copying
and moving things between directories
but nothing about getting something in
which maybe I didn't write it down
because I wrote it down in the first
plan using a different command and that
command exists in the file 1 - in which
case maybe I feel differently but yeah
so yeah throw any suggestions in there
but I do think there's someone else
mentioned because uh Jim actually is
interested in doing a pure pad tutorial
I think someday or how did something to
ice down the road I just said in
something existing it's not the same as
one it's true but yeah I think there are
a couple places where it's coming up
this like pinning being a concept that
people have a hard time wrapping their
heads around so actually building a
tutorial about that even if it's not a
do exercises thing even if it's one of
those breeds stuff
like thanks if that is kind of a concept
that would need to underlie a lot of the
more complex projects we build I'm happy
to also tackle that at some point is
there going to be space in there like
how to install stuff you know it's like
you know it's I know it's about coding
and but eventually I think people are
going to especially in like group
scenarios like to do some of those
things people are gonna want to install
things locally on their machines and you
know put ipfs desktop with ipfs
companion in yeah that's something I'm
talking with Michael about because this
like I think the scope right now and the
the stuff that the site supports it's
meant to be like you're having an
experience inside the browser which is a
more friendly it's more friendly
learning experience if you can't have it
inside the browser then if you have to
make someone go up to the command line
to do stuff it also we also have this
risk of losing our tracking ability so
like right now I know that you completed
an exercise and that's code right or not
and we'd have to create some connection
between like this is me trying to relay
what Michael has said like in your
command line you're creating whatever
connection to ipfs and then your browser
has a connection and you're telling one
about the other one so they can talk to
each other so we know what you did and
whether you did this thing right so
there's this whole extra layer that
would have to be built in I think first
before we could enable anything that is
command line so there's this question of
like do we support the broader building
you know like here's a whole thing about
building the apps kind of thing that
includes more pieces but you know for
the moment it's beyond this the scope of
the big the bandwidths that we have but
we're it's definitely something we're
talking about
cool awesome yeah so action item
everyone go over the plan for proto
school lesson related to 5s API and
probably provide you like initial
feedback I think that like the initial
thoughts if you are trying to learn and
go over those steps is the order good
yeah for sure
we want to describe those low-level
intricacies when you are not operating
on em FS but that the order is open to
the discussion I think yeah and I love
feedback from those of you who have more
experience Alan yeah yeah I think it I
think I mentioned it when we were
talking but in terms of splitting them
out into two I think I think it's a good
plan and like I said I think that it
might be difficult to explain em FS to
people if you haven't if you haven't
already done the basics of non annum MF
s stuff and and just adding files and
getting hashes back and then like I
can't imagine how you would explain to
someone that em FS is a sixth
abstraction on top of IP FS which is
immutable but em FS is mutable stuff on
top of it without first having that
tutorial for the the basic stuff and but
you know I might be wrong but yeah
that's just my opinion
you clearly convinced me at the time cuz
that's what I wrote good
yeah yeah like I don't know if I would
yeah I just I guess I'd just be
interested to know how what an em FS
tutorial would look like without this
other tutorial as a kind of proceeding
kind of requirement of it because I
think it would be quite difficult to
explain without there being like you
know rules of text beforehand
so spitting it out makes sense to me but
I don't know yeah that's my opinion yeah
all right
the section item for everyone Jim do you
have any update just something I just
sneak peek at something I'm working on
is a spring round pure pad and using the
site now service for a long time and
they've introduced a surrealist version
of it where you can define a function
the actually packages out puts it on AWS
lambda so just for fun I thought hey I
wonder if pier pad I could read the note
GS version of your title I could fetch a
document will it run on the server list
thing and with some gotchas it actually
works so GSI PFS running in the server
list on AWS lambda is a thing there's
like so many layers you can write a
pierpan document yeah maybe I should
share my screen okay can you see this
yeah party in my place so and here's the
the surrealist thing so if I change I'm
ordering pizza sometimes this works and
sometimes it doesn't but you can see
here's the aw lambda thing happening
here update it I have a little hack here
sometimes it I have to investigate why
it doesn't always work so I'm just
killing my a device lambda here okay I'm
gonna go back we let this okay so now it
started afresh oops
it's actually spinning up a brand new
cold start on a diverse lambda
Linux instance touching the content from
your pad off the Pinner and there's my
this might change so ideally you'd want
to not have to restart this thing and
but it's pretty with the site now
service you can just map these two
domain names so it's a pretty pretty
much effortless publishing pathway so
and if the if I can figure out how to
make the GS ipfs and pear pad work
nicely in that sort of cold start warm
start sort of environment so that when
you hit the thing that we get the latest
Delta's from the CR DT and just render
it immediately it should just be like
publishing you can just map any group a
document to any domain name so yes ipfs
on servantless
that's awesome and and like even the
idea of house reusing the surrealist
approach for for the domains because the
I like all the certificate orchestration
is handled by AWS right yeah well this
right now
service they let you you can actually
buy domain names on there or you can
bring your own domain names you can use
them further your DNS once it once it's
all registered in there it's seamless
like you can create just from the
command line you can just create them so
I can take that that page and do alias
to its quickly to show it then they
describe it share
so if I go take take this thing I can
just go now alias set that T browsers
demo dot chimp economize now I can just
go to you and there so so there's a lot
of work in terms of setting up all the
DNS level and the SSL levels I think it
does let's encrypt certificates and they
even do like global CD and with
CloudFlare so so there's all this layers
on top but then they're they're trying
to enable you to deploy just basically
JavaScript functions that can rapidly
thing and this thing is I can actually
package up a DSi DFS it's one of those
JavaScript functions yeah I've been like
interested in ways we could provide
better like custom domain or like
provide subdomains for free with
certificates in a fashion similar to
CloudFlare and they public gateway so
probably will reach out on the and
reiterate on this one after this call at
some point in the future future I think
Kyle may be interested in this as well
okay yeah very cool stuff thank you do
we have any questions to dream or no
questions so I think we have an agenda
item and that item is a Long's demo of
ipfs install manager
hey okay I literally just thought that I
should show you this because it happened
to work while I was almost cool so check
this out
this one all right can you see thing can
you see my desk than my yeah thought you
know the command line the terminal cool
so I called it I am that's probably not
a great name so I'm open to suggestions
ITSs installed manager and manage your
ITSs installs so you can do stuff like I
am use like Jas like 0.24 and it will go
away and and find the most recent
version of JSI BFS which is zero thirty
four point four and it will install it
which might take a while because it's
just like npm install length chair so p
effects and then basically you can do
that let me just cancel that because
like if I use the go one is slightly
slightly quicker and because it's it's a
prebuilt binary so it would be quicker
so I can just use like you'd go and it
will go and figure out what the latest
version of go ipfs is install it so
that's using go I get a step on on NPM
and then it so why so I just has two sim
linked to this installed version so I
can ship now just be able to go and get
first version and it's there and then I
could do go 0 at 4.17 and it would go
away and and do that and then I can do
that
oh yeah hey 17 is installed amazing and
and like the same thing for like James
ipfs um essentially but you can so the
cool thing is that you can put in these
like yeah like they automatically like
semver ranges so it will automatically
pick them you can put in a specific
version or you can put in a locker like
well it's just zero play free or one or
whatever and it will pick out the most
recent one that's that's kind of fun and
that's that's my demo I think we have
questions from Rick and then Hugo cuz he
was on another screen sorry you were
first okay it's just a real best
Christian confession does it work on
windows I haven't tried it on Windows CE
built it this morning it won't work on
Windows I know it won't because it's
installing stuff to use a local bin
which I am not aware exists on or
Windows or anywhere else I've put
comments in the code base to say how
does this work on Windows so yeah like
eventually maybe we'll be able to use it
on Windows oh no see like so we'll also
update it if so weirdly like if you're
installing stuff than some of the fails
but yeah that's cool
I don't know sis we even work well that
looks like a J assertion to me but it
broke for some reason so sometimes but
yeah the point is that we you can use
like the ipfs as your binary to your
particular implementation you don't have
to type j sy p FS anymore because you've
got this this tool and it means it can
exist on the same cause you can only run
one at a time but it means that you can
switch between them quite easily sort of
nice nice passports I look a little bit
into this stuff one of the ideas a hair
was like so we probably already have
binaries from the go side of things
we could also build wineries for the jas
side of things with the with package
remember from site and basically only
rely on HTTP requests to get the
binaries and then only the same link
stuff as you already are doing right now
but I think you are using NPM as if I
can we if we include the building a
binary on the on the ipfs releases
that's should be really easy to do
we can accuse the get up assets from the
writable Izzie's URL to do this kind of
stuff yeah that will be probably way
faster and it's simpler to go yeah just
just many yeah I mean the the NPM stuff
is so annoying NPM using it
programmatically is just not built for
it so it's just a pain in the butt but
I've basically done it like this because
that's kind of a currently the only way
or the best way I guess to get how hold
of both implementations just be able to
use them straight away and but yeah yeah
I totally agree and we can we could even
I mean we can we just swap that out
later
like I think as a proof of concept this
is kind of this is sort of fun and and
it will work but yeah yeah absolutely
pre-built wineries probably the way to
go because I mean you meet yeah yeah and
it also it means that when we install
something we know it's the exact
versions that we've built it with so it
won't ever change and break potentially
because people have released modules
with breaking changes in the patch
version and stuff like that so yeah yeah
I have a like a on top of of that idea
is that we already have like a
distribution portal for
forgo binaries hmm and we could
basically add like pre-built Jess ipfs
register and use like use that as an
alternative to github yes so it would be
like self hosted on our own
infrastructure we would not fetch from
github yeah yeah nice awesome Jim
there's also the how does this relate to
your IP FS update which is like for the
they go one where you can install
different versions
this is doesn't really relate to it okay
yeah so I mean with the go one you can
install different versions of go but
like there's no Jess equivalent to that
and there's certainly nothing in that
will allow us to switch between
implementations but I am aware that I
exists and that there is part of this
which changes that which duplicates that
functionality
I have a question where you said there's
a go update thingy does there like
repo of great question mark anyone else
yeah like search every PI migration yeah
yeah there's the grave the upgrade thing
does the immigration or if when you
start it next it just automatically
upgrades there's like actually I think
there's a separate tool or at least it
was in the past I'm not sure if we were
to merge back to the go ipfs but there
was like a separate tool for doing the
immigrations if you had like a huge
repository you want it to like upload it
on your own terms and run this tool in
offline mode not sure if it's linked to
ipfs update but basically if we would go
this route we for sure should reuse the
pre-existing distribution portal
we have like all the orchestration
scripts for checksums and we create
manifests from for tools and package
managers that people can consume that's
like a plan B or plan a and Plan B would
be github releases yeah sure I
completely agree but so if the goal
thing does do remote migrations we can
effectively like use this solution if we
improve on it and make it like I think
we can swap it out and do like go and
Jas we'd only want to write or does the
whole thing does any more stuff than
this this ooh that howling wheels just
right now oh yeah you mean like merging
the functionality of of this tool and
ipfs update basically right yeah
basically because if you if you if we
can use like to swap portions we can
also use it like I think nvm as after I
tore a brake thing also so we can just
either choose or build an alias like and
use latest or something like that and it
will like fetch the latest portion and
well P link it yeah I think I think I've
seen a discussion issue about this so I
try to find it Chris III don't want us
to like that duplicate discussions I try
to find it and Paul add it to mythic
notes and yeah we have like three
minutes so any last moment topics we
should discuss no topics alright awesome
so thank you so much sorry for not being
calling we hope all you will feel much
better and will join us next week and
that's all for this gooey 18 web
browsers weekly sync thank you all for
joining and see you next week